Adding instructions about how to get PyPI integration working (#34)
hypothesis/h-cookiecutter-pypackage: README.md

$ cookiecutter gh:hypothesis/h-cookiecutter-pypackage
```

Publishing to PyPI
------------------

By default when your package passes all tests, coverage, format and linting

> requirements, it will be built and uploaded to [https://pypi.org/](https://pypi.org/).

Reviewer: Change to:

```
When you merge a pull request into master, if the package passes all tests, coverage, format and linting
requirements, GitHub Actions will automatically build it and uploaded it to [https://pypi.org/](https://pypi.org/).
```

Author: I've changed the wording as suggested

> In order for this to work you will need to setup and API key for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this to work you'll need to setup an API key for the project.
```

### Build a package and upload it to PyPI

* Run: `make dist BUILD=0.0`

> * Run: `tox -e publish --run-command twine upload -u eng@list.hypothes.is -p <PASSWORD_HERE> dist/*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run: `tox -e publish --run-command "twine upload -u eng@list.hypothes.is -p <PASSWORD_HERE> dist/*"`
```

> ###  Create an API key in PyPI  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create an API key in PyPI  
```

* Login to [https://pypi.org/](https://pypi.org/)

> * Goto "Your projects" and select "Manage" on the correct project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Go to <kbd>Your projects</kbd> and select <kbd>Manage</kbd> on the correct project
```

>   * "Settings" > "Create a token for <project-name-here>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * <kbd>Settings</kbd> > <kbd>Create a token for `project-name-here`</kbd>
```

  * Use the project name as the name
  * Set the scope to the same project
  * __COPY THE KEY NOW!__ - You __won't__ get another opportunity

> * Add the key to Passpack

Reviewer: If we're gonna be adding the key to GitHub (below) do we need to add it to Passpack?

Author: I suppose not if it's the only thing that we ever feed it to, if it gets lost we can regenerate it

Author: This has been removed now

You may want to add some other personal accounts as owners so that we do not
have a single account as maintainer.

### Add the key to Github as a secret

> * Goto [https://github.com/](https://github.com/) and find the correct project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Go to [https://github.com/](https://github.com/) and find the correct project
```

> * Goto "Settings" > "Secrets" > "Add a new secret"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Go to <kbd>Settings</kbd> > <kbd>Secrets</kbd> > <kbd>Add a new secret</kbd>
```

* Use "`PYPI_TOKEN`" as the name
* Paste the API key in as the value

> * Press "Add secret"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Press <kbd>Add secret</kbd>
```
